So I am going to mostly blow away the existing code, and re-work what was into what will be.

But there is a little issue I have with how to go about setting up the headers+components.

Some parts of the code require more information about them to be know from the io portions.

I don't think it's entirely enough to calculate before hand when parts of the puzzle are external to the main.

I think I might need to get size from the io itself, rather than rely on caculating beforehand.

I know that some things are specifically set however, like based on the width and height I can determine quite a lot of things.

But as soon as I mix in tile files, features, etc, then things get murky.

It's not an entirely complicated puzzle, but It is a puzzle nonetheless, and I think its something I can solve.

The harder part is that I want to verify information for the readers, which means I might be able to kick out oiio from the main lib, and have it as a separate thing that gets compiled for when I want to use that for images, but alternate readers/writers could be implemented.

5:05pm

I just figured out a way that I might be able to move forward.

I need to specify a dependency graph for the file so that I know when I update something which components need to have their values changed.

that way I can decouple from doing it all at once.

so I guess I will try to use the canvas of obsidian to reflect that

10:52
I've been trying to visualise the layout of the map format again so I can re-work my compiler and I have come to a bit of a conclusion which may be useful.

There are a number of sections that are independent from each other, because of the way the file is read through pointers to locations. 

This means that I can bunch the fixed size data at the beginning of the file, and the variable size data at the end.

This makes calculating the positions of the fixed data a lot easier.

I can also deal with some padded junk, like always assuming that there is a grass header, this makes calculating the size of the header section simple.

So for all of the items excluding features, and tileMap, I can pre-calculate their positions only when the map size is set, without a need to re-do it for any other change.

This is very good.

Except one problem, I was doing it the "right" way before, and now I am not.
I think I would prefer to do it the right way. As much as that pains me.