Traced execution flow of map loading, showing that the majority of the map file format is now redundant, so I can ignore it.

But a question still bugs me, and that's what happens to the map tiles.

So far I get that the texture loading process is a separate thing.
and it starts in the world renderer.

I have to list out the process by which the tiles get loaded and the operations on them.

starting with SMFGroundTextures.cpp CSMFGroundTextures::LoadTiles(CSMFMapFile& file )

So far it simply checks that the smf file properties match for dimensionality, I assume that's because it doesnt assume coherance when loading up from lua.

It also loads the smt file header and checks it for coherance.

Then it clears and resizes three arrays. 'tiles', 'tileMap', and squares
Both of which are globally declared in the SMFGroundTextures.cpp file on lines 50-53

```cpp
std::vector<CSMFGroundTextures::GroundSquare> CSMFGroundTextures::squares;  
std::vector<int> CSMFGroundTextures::tileMap;  
std::vector<char> CSMFGroundTextures::tiles;
```
wtf is a ground square, its a private struct inside the groundtextures class, it has a bunch of shit in it. lets look. its mostly a texture id into separate data structures, where there is a duality between raw texture, and lua texture. I'm sure it will come back up later.

tilemap gets set to the number of tiles as defined by width and height of map multiplied by some number. or divided in this case.
and tiles is set to the number of tiles multiplied by the tile size.

So we have the actual tilemap based on the map size.
We have all the tiles from all the smt files defined.
and we have that weird id structure, how many of that do we have? something called bigNumX * bigNumY*

Then there is a loop, from 0 to smf->numTiles. and my mind is breaking from how dumb this is.

it checks the smf header for the number of tileFileNames matching what it says in the header.
This shouldnt be here, but rather as part of the parsing of the file by the time we get here we should have guaranteed that things are good. this code is so messy.

It gets the name of the file, and the number of tiles inside it from the smf

Then it loads up the file and checks that it exists.
wait wtf.. for each tile it checks inside the loop how... like how...

if the tilefile doesn't exist, it sets the memory from that location to the end of the tilefile , to `0xAA` which I am assuming is that pink colour. and moves the current tile count forward that many tiles, skipping the remaining tiles.

if the tile file does exist, then it loads up its header.
checks its info, and then loads up all the tiles inside into the tiles vector. incrementing the current tile value.

So the loop isn't that dumb in the end, but it doesn't read nicely.

Then it reads the tilemap from the smf.

And if it has certain flags enabled then it performs a recompress to etc2 format.