Enetheru: 2023-10-24 4:19:00pm
------------------------------
After picking up this project again ten years later, I have some additional things I wish to do, like:
* make OpenImageIO file readers and writers for the SMT and SMF format's
* modernise the code
* re-work the logic

## Enetheru: 2023-10-28 11:25::am
More thoughts on what to change:
* implement formatters for the objects that are missing
  * std::filesystem::path
  * smt
  * smf
  * etc

this almost requires a change to libfmt, which might not be a bad idea anyway.

## Enetheru: 2023-10-30 5:02:00pm
I originally had ideas to enable different texture compression formats for the contents of the SMF file.
Also being able to specify the height map in terms of tiles.
These will have to wait until after I get things moving in the right direction.

I need to make a TODO file which I can use to direct attention.

## Enetheru: 2023-01-11 11:40:00am
### TODO Error Accumulator
I've had this idea about adding a sort of error accumulator which holds error messages inside objects for things that are technically OK, but break the logic of things without being showstopping. An object I can just add to a class and can catch errors for use later.

it would allow lots of parse errors to bubble up to the surface, but I fear that I am just re-inventing exceptions. to perhaps I should lean into them rather than try to work around them. I guess the question I have is whether exceptions can build up and collect, they are usually singular, so perhaps My idea can still work.